The move is a blow to activist organizations which have targeted the company for its use of sweatshop labor and other practices. For example, the progressive anti-consumerism magazine Adbusters recently introduced their " Black-Spot Sneaker " which they promote as being " for just one thing: kicking Phil Knight 's ass ". Nike spokesman Kirk Stewart said Perez was chosen for his experience in dealing with international markets and brand-building, an important skill as Nike continues expansion internationally. Nike 's international sales now surpass domestic sales, reports Bloomberg. According


labor and other practices. For example, the progressive anti-consumerism magazine Adbusters recently introduced their " Black-Spot Sneaker " which they promote as being " for just one thing: kicking Phil Knight 's ass ". Nike spokesman Kirk Stewart said Perez was chosen for his experience in dealing with international markets and brand-building, an important skill as Nike continues expansion internationally. Nike 's international sales now surpass domestic sales, reports Bloomberg. According to ESPN, Knight was responsible for Nike 's endorsement contract with Michael Jordan, signed in 1984


: kicking Phil Knight 's ass ". Nike spokesman Kirk Stewart said Perez was chosen for his experience in dealing with international markets and brand-building, an important skill as Nike continues expansion internationally. Nike 's international sales now surpass domestic sales, reports Bloomberg. According to ESPN, Knight was responsible for Nike 's endorsement contract with Michael Jordan, signed in 1984 when he was still a rookie with the Chicago Bulls. Jordan said of Knight, " To me, Phil Knight will always be recognized as a sports marketing visionary --


of Knight, " To me, Phil Knight will always be recognized as a sports marketing visionary -- he will always be a part of Nike. I learned so much about the industry from him and will always admire his drive and creativity. " Knight, who according to Forbes gave no reason for his departure, intends to retain his position as the chairman of Nike 's board of directors. He will also hold on to his 28 % voting share in the corporation, as well as his 92 % share of the non-voting stock


, November 18, 2004. 2004. #Anne M. M. Peterson, http://www.forbes.com/work/feeds/ap/2004/11/18/ap1665881.html Knight Steps Down as Nike CEO, President, Associated Press, November 18, 2004. 2004. #Darren Rovell, http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/sportsbusiness/news/story? Big Nikes to fill: Knight stepping down as CEO, ESPN, November 18, 2004. 2004. #Andria Cheng & Greg Wiles, http://quote.bloomberg.com/apps/news? pid 10000006&sid Nike Chief Phil Knight Resigns; Board Appoints Perez, Bloomberg, November 18, 2004. 2004. with the Darfur region accentuated Representatives of both
